readme.md, before:

<div align="center">

# Hey there! I'm Arifin 👋

**Full-Stack Software Engineer | Blockchain Developer**

Building backend systems and blockchain infrastructure across Cosmos, EVM, and Solana ecosystems.

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=arifintahu&color=blueviolet&style=flat-square)

</div>

## 🚀 About Me

Full-Stack Software Engineer with **5+ years** of experience building **backend systems** and **blockchain infrastructure**. I specialize in **Cosmos SDK**, **EVM**, and **Solana** — from validator tooling to smart contract security.

```typescript
const arifin = {
    location: "Indonesia 🇮🇩",
    focus: ["Blockchain Infrastructure", "Backend Systems", "Smart Contract Security"],
    currentlyBuilding: "Cross-chain vault strategies & on-chain prediction markets",
    funFact: "I once debugged a consensus bug by reading raw Tendermint block bytes at 2 AM"
};
```

> **Currently working on:** Automated EMA-based leverage vaults and account-abstracted prediction markets on EVM.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

<div align="center">

### Languages & Frameworks
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![Solidity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-363636?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)

### Blockchain & Web3
![Cosmos SDK](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cosmos_SDK-2E3148?style=for-the-badge&logo=cosmos&logoColor=white)
![Ethereum](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ethereum-3C3C3D?style=for-the-badge&logo=ethereum&logoColor=white)
![Solana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solana-9945FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=solana&logoColor=white)
![Foundry](https://img.shields.io/badge/Foundry-3C3C3D?style=for-the-badge&logo=foundry&logoColor=white)
![Anchor](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anchor-7C3AED?style=for-the-badge&logo=anchor&logoColor=white)

### Infrastructure
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC382D?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonwebservices&logoColor=white)
![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ansible-EE0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white)

</div>


## ⭐ Featured Projects

| Project | Description | Stars |
|---------|-------------|-------|
| [**Project Structure API**](https://github.com/arifintahu/project-structure-api) | Production-ready TypeScript REST API template — adopted by 138+ developers and 21 forks | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/arifintahu/project-structure-api?style=flat-square) |
| [**Dexplorer**](https://github.com/arifintahu/dexplorer) | Lightweight Cosmos chain explorer with real-time validator dashboard. Used for quick chain debugging without spinning up full infra | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/arifintahu/dexplorer?style=flat-square) |
| [**Vault Strategy**](https://github.com/arifintahu/vault-strategy) | Automated EMA-based leverage vaults for Bitcoin — self-custody with configurable risk tiers | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/arifintahu/vault-strategy?style=flat-square) |
| [**AAPM**](https://github.com/arifintahu/aapm) | Account Abstraction for Prediction Markets — social login + gasless transactions on EVM | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/arifintahu/aapm?style=flat-square) |


## 📝 Latest Blog Posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- 🔐 [How Reentrancy Exploits Drain Smart Contracts](https://arifintahu.com/blog/how-reentrancy-exploits-drain-smart-contract)
- 🏛️ [The Odyssey of Consensus: From Byzantine](https://arifintahu.com/blog/the-odyssey-of-consensus-from-byzantine)
- 🌳 [How Merkle Trees Secure Blockchain](https://arifintahu.com/blog/how-merkle-trees-secure-blockchain)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

➡️ [More blog posts...](https://arifintahu.com/blog)


## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">

<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=arifintahu&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&count_private=true" height="170" alt="GitHub Stats" />
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=arifintahu&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&langs_count=8" height="170" alt="Top Languages" />

[![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=arifintahu&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

![GitHub Contribution Graph](https://ghchart.rshah.org/arifintahu)

</div>


<div align="center">

---

### 💬 Let's Build Something

I'm looking for collaborators on **cross-chain tooling**, **DeFi infrastructure**, and **developer experience** projects.
If you're working on Cosmos, EVM, or Solana — let's talk.

**Open to:** remote roles, contract work, and open source collaboration.

[![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=x&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/arifintahu)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/miftahul-arifin/)
[![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/arifintahu)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:arifintahu11@gmail.com)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-5865F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/users/arifintahu)
[![GitHub Follow](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/arifintahu?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&label=Follow)](https://github.com/arifintahu)

---

*From [arifintahu](https://arifintahu.com)*

</div>

Commit message:

Revise experience and project details in README
Updated experience to 6+ years and modified current projects.

readme.md, after:

<div align="center">

# Hey there! I'm Arifin 👋

**Full-Stack Software Engineer | Blockchain Developer**

Building backend systems and blockchain infrastructure across Cosmos, EVM, and Solana ecosystems.

</div>

## 🚀 About Me

Full-Stack Software Engineer with **6+ years** of experience building **backend systems** and **blockchain infrastructure**. I specialize in **Cosmos SDK**, **EVM**, and **Solana** — from validator tooling to smart contract security.

```typescript
const arifin = {
    location: "Indonesia 🇮🇩",
    focus: ["Blockchain Infrastructure", "Backend Systems", "Smart Contract Security"],
    currentlyBuilding: "Cross-chain & DeFi protocol"
};
```

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

<div align="center">

### Languages & Frameworks
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![Solidity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-363636?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)

### Blockchain & Web3
![Cosmos SDK](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cosmos_SDK-2E3148?style=for-the-badge&logo=cosmos&logoColor=white)
![Ethereum](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ethereum-3C3C3D?style=for-the-badge&logo=ethereum&logoColor=white)
![Solana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solana-9945FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=solana&logoColor=white)
![Foundry](https://img.shields.io/badge/Foundry-3C3C3D?style=for-the-badge&logo=foundry&logoColor=white)
![Anchor](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anchor-7C3AED?style=for-the-badge&logo=anchor&logoColor=white)

### Infrastructure
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC382D?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonwebservices&logoColor=white)
![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ansible-EE0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white)

</div>


## ⭐ Featured Projects

| Project | Description | Stars |
|---------|-------------|-------|
| [**Project Structure API**](https://github.com/arifintahu/project-structure-api) | Production-ready TypeScript REST API template — adopted by 138+ developers and 21 forks | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/arifintahu/project-structure-api?style=flat-square) |
| [**Dexplorer**](https://github.com/arifintahu/dexplorer) | Lightweight Cosmos chain explorer with real-time validator dashboard. Used for quick chain debugging without spinning up full infra | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/arifintahu/dexplorer?style=flat-square) |
| [**Vault Strategy**](https://github.com/arifintahu/vault-strategy) | Automated EMA-based leverage vaults for Bitcoin — self-custody with configurable risk tiers | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/arifintahu/vault-strategy?style=flat-square) |
| [**AAPM**](https://github.com/arifintahu/aapm) | Account Abstraction for Prediction Markets — social login + gasless transactions on EVM | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/arifintahu/aapm?style=flat-square) |


## 📝 Latest Blog Posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- 🔐 [How Reentrancy Exploits Drain Smart Contracts](https://arifintahu.com/blog/how-reentrancy-exploits-drain-smart-contract)
- 🏛️ [The Odyssey of Consensus: From Byzantine](https://arifintahu.com/blog/the-odyssey-of-consensus-from-byzantine)
- 🌳 [How Merkle Trees Secure Blockchain](https://arifintahu.com/blog/how-merkle-trees-secure-blockchain)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

➡️ [More blog posts...](https://arifintahu.com/blog)


## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">

![GitHub Contribution Graph](https://ghchart.rshah.org/arifintahu)

</div>


<div align="center">

---

### 💬 Let's Connect

I'm always open to discussing blockchain development, distributed systems, or collaboration opportunities.

[![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=x&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/arifintahu)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/miftahul-arifin/)
[![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/arifintahu)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:arifintahu11@gmail.com)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-5865F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/users/arifintahu)
[![GitHub Follow](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/arifintahu?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&label=Follow)](https://github.com/arifintahu)

---

*From [arifintahu](https://arifintahu.com)*

</div>
